Hello ladies of North Brisbane — my name is Coach Hannah.
Here at Knight Fitness Lawnton we have a progressive training program for ladies of all ages and all levels.
It doesn't matter where you're at in life — we've got you.
We combine weights and conditioning to develop your strength, your fitness, and most importantly your confidence.
All of our classes are coach-led, so you'll have someone guiding you every step of the way.
Whatever injury you have, we'll give you alternatives so you can keep progressing toward your goal.
From the age of 30 we start to lose muscle mass — and that's exactly where strength training comes in.
In Women's Club we combine weights and conditioning so you can progress, both in your goals and in life.
Lifting is about far more than appearance — it's about long-term health.
We're not your typical gym. No mirrors, no egos, no pressure or judgement from coaches or peers.
We're a community supporting each other to reach our individual goals.
Whether you're brand new, coming back, or have been lifting for years — our program caters to every level, standard through advanced.
If you're a lady of North Brisbane and not sure whether to take that step — this is your sign. Reach out and let's have a chat.
Let's help you build confidence and get you where you want to be.